what's up guys down black ops amazing
and welcome to another black ops 2
zombies video so today we're going to be
talking about the new map die rise or
something else I'll be getting into that
in just a second so I hope you enjoyed
the video if you do at the end of the
video all I ask is that you leave a like
if you did and do it that shows me that
you guys are enjoying these videos and
one even more forget past 50 likes maybe
even more that will be super super
awsome click the subscribe button on
screen now or just below the video that
will subscribe to my channel and keep
you up to date with all my latest
information ok so let's get on with this
this is an official piece of information
written by IGN they are being over to
try out to play the new maps we played
new zombies map and the new game mode
turned and they've left us with this
awesome article so what I'm going to do
is read it out not word for word but I'm
going to pick up the key parts within
this text again if you want to go and
check this out for yourself i will leave
the link to it in the description so
Dara's the name may induce an eye roll
and I'm going to talk more about this in
just the second Boozer is quite
important but the new zombies map feels
very different from the rest of black
ops 2 instead of relatively open spaces
dies place this UN and crumbling
skyscraper the map is much more
claustrophobic than green room
consisting almost of entire tight always
many of which have holes in them
allowing zombies to attack you from
above you can use the elevator to move
around but doing so can be risky and
usually pieces of building break in such
a way that you can leap between sections
but just like green room taking the time
to learn the level will be paramount in
dire eyes run around the corner too fast
and you might fall to your death and
you'll need to save your precious
resources to purchase access to new
parts of the world a ton of parts are
scattered throughout the building
through my team and I actually never
managed to find a workbench now by
saying my team and I actually mean I GM
when they were playing black ops 2 da
rise or whatever you want to call it
they never actually managed to find a
workbench so you know maybe the quite
hard to find maybe you don't get them as
much as you did in green run on top of
the undead zombies you also face a
deadly new minion they look similar to
the gobbling like emily is that lash out
of you from the fog in transit and i
think they actually mean the denizens
only that they come out during
wave this time so it's not going into
the fog they just commit specific waves
similar to what their dogs did and other
call of duty zombie games and these new
minions can also do short teleports
around the environment they go down
really easily but can pick off a
survivor who strays off on their own
with ease okay so what can we tell from
this source while obviously we've got
some new minions are going to talk more
about that in a second diaries it's much
more claustrophobic it's nowhere near as
open as green room was and I don't
actually know how I feel about that you
know I didn't really like green run so
maybe da house is going to be barely you
know sometimes I did actually compare
this to virat because that had very
tight corridors there are several ways
to move around obviously you can go on
foot you say you can move around and an
elevator there may be a few other ways
obviously they haven't explored every
different way within this map we're
going to be having new builder balls but
it seems from this article that it's
going to be harder to find the work
benches so instead of having loads of
work benches in every area it maybe this
time it's just gonna be one weight bench
and it's going to be harder to get to
that you know it's going to actually
make people want to do because
ingredient I felt you need was just too
easy to get this bill doubles anywhere
every part was it wasn't hard to get and
there was a word bench right next to it
so maybe they've made it a bit harder
this time by putting only one workbench
in there now they also mentioned these
new minions I'm so glad to not have the
denizens but you know they weren't
fondly weren't scary in any way it was
just really annoying so to have
something you was really really awesome
now they've actually made it sound like
we're going to be having the Nova sets
crawlers back and this time it looks
like it's going to be more than a boss
you know I'm not definitely saying it's
going to be nervous it's cruise because
n of the zombie games we never actually
add them on a separate round the only
separate around like all the minions
we've had as monkeys and dogs so like I
said they've put they only come at
specific waves they do short teleports
around the environment which is what the
Nova 6 crawl is dead and they've also
put that the look similar to the green
Goblin's or the denizens and again I'm
not really sure if I could actually
compare the two feel the same but it
kind of sounds like a nervous it's cool
i'm not definitely saying it is if you
never seen one there's one on screen now
they are really awesome and again i
guess you could see it's going to be
quite easy to take him down because i
think they would be on the earlier
rounds okay so i said i wanted to talk a
bit more about this and this was right
at the beginning said we put
our eyes the name may induce an eye roll
but why is this important you know why
would this make us wonder what the map
name is we already know what this says
well the other day there was an update
for xbox I definitely know it was for
Xbox I'm not one hundred percent sure
about the PlayStation 3 but if you go
ahead and leakin transit you can see
that it says new so that's just ready
for the new map pack but the important
thing is if you actually go onto
leaderboards and scroll down you can
actually see it says die rise at the top
but just below it says great leap
forward now if we go ahead and look at
all the maps we can see at the bottom it
says the name of the maps for example at
the bottom it says the name of map
nuketown and then just the bobbitt it
says survival nuketown and then for
green run at the bottom it says green
room which is the name of the map and
then just above it is says transit which
is the game mode and then for Great Leap
Forward it says greatly forward which
again should be the name of them up and
then above it it says die arouse so from
this we're getting that the game mode is
di Rhys we've been getting the hint all
along that the maps called derives but
it looks like them the gamer is going to
be called Daraa and the maps going to be
called great leap forward so it looks
like the gamer is going to be der eyes
it's not going to be another transit
game now from the description that we've
heard from RG and it sounds like this
new die rise game mode if it is going to
be a game mode like I said I'm pretty
sure it is because this makes sense you
know we've got the name of the map down
the bottom which is great leap forward
and then the game mode at the top like
we do with on all the other months but
basically what I'm trying to say is
what's going to be the difference
between this new dr oz game mode until
the transit game Udrih i'm not too sure
we've got try we've got transport on
both of you know we've got the boss on
green room we've got the elevators on a
die rise if you want actually say in
elevators part of the transport are
pretty sure that it is you know I'm not
really sure what the difference is here
so that's all the information I really
wanted to share with you also if you go
to the end of green or you can actually
see we've got the new turn game mode and
that definitely is on the map diner but
if you want me to do a separate video
about that I will because I've got even
more information on you enjoyed this
video guys if you have hit that like
button in the face if we get a pass 50
likes that would be awesome subscribe to
my channel if you want some more
information on this new revolution map
package just one day until I get this
map pack from the 28th of January if you
watching this video today if
not you then you know you probably
already playing this game mode and
hopefully it is awesome so hope you
enjoyed the video guys subscribe to my
channel if you leave a like if you did
enjoy check the links in the description
for my facebook and twitter go ahead and
like me on there hope you enjoyed the
videos until next time peace